Update index.md (#57)
snowplow/snowplow.github.io: docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/snowplow-mini/setup-guide-for-aws/index.md

## Configure Security Group

> Select the Security Group you created [above](https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/snowplow-mini/setup-guide-for-aws/#security-group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the Security Group you created [above](/docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/snowplow-mini/setup-guide-for-aws/index.md#security-group).
```

> Select the Security Group you created [above](https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/snowplow-mini/setup-guide-for-aws/#security-group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the Security Group you created [above](#security-group).
```
